they suspended those guys for the game
on Friday but then never mention why and
never did an apology I assume an apology
is probably coming tonight but did they
miss the boat by not doing the apology
on Friday well it seems like they first
suspended them and learning they issued
an apology on the website or on their
blog right we're talking about finding
apologizing on air I think the best
thing to do is just to make sure there's
an apology in there and then this whole
thing would be behind everyone and and
we could focus on the sports instead but
we've got about it a strange way by
first doing a suspension than issuing an
apology Trita look here when I heard
these comments and I and I saw the
dialogue in it obviously I look at it I
don't have the same I'm not coming from
the same place in terms of how it would
offend me because I guess I'm not
looking at it in that way but I gotta
ask you this when you see or you've
heard announcers you sound like someone
who's followed the NBA to some degree I
think of a guy like Larry Bird who is
this big ambassador to the game every
time Larry would would do something they
would calm the hit from French leg or
they would they would sort of you know
almost bring him in and make him to some
degree real III don't know that it was
the intent of the announcers was
anything other than kind of playfully
having fun with the player it doesn't
intent have to play into it it certainly
al but at the same time we can sit here
and make guesses about the intent at the
end of the day the way it came across
was offending to a lot of people and it
wasn't appropriate and of course Tom
seems to agree without big mindful of
the steps that they took but I think the
issue has been made bigger in some ways
by them not doing the right thing in the
right order if there was an apology very
quickly and it was on air I think this
whole thing would be behind us by now i
agree with you i think that that's the
way it should have gone down treated
it's funny you're not a hundred percent
happy because they didn't issue the
apology I'm not a hundred percent happy
because I think they mistreated the
announcers and like you say until
they issue the apology the thing won't
go away so I mean I'm with you that they
should do it on air and my guess is they
will do it tonight Trita I know you're
short on condo thank you have a good day
that's a treat a Parsi and we have
somebody has just sent us the exact idea
so now rather than Brian and I
reenacting it here is what got the Ralph
and Michael in trouble daddy yeah
where's your truck is the first Iranian
between A&B thank God any Iranian virus
DNA is the only one he shall I ran I
guess so that Iran yes that's hadd ADR
insult ecology tips leans back gay goes
out they'll make a movie about my body
I'm gonna gets lots of beer and come to
play the part again by the second half
with 21 points and a half guttenberg
reading from a happy head coach Lionel
Hollins here's a dotty nice little
backdoor pass perhaps I guess some
Iranian can trance the ball especially
the post players turn about their guards
so that's a the segment in question uh
and if you're just joining us I maintain
that this has been mishandled by Fox
tremendously Ralph Lawler is a 31-year
employee of the Clippers 25 years
without missin game Michael and Ralph
for great ambassadors for that team and
if you've never heard Michael and Ralph
before that exchange Brian that they
just had is I don't want to say typical
because i know they overstep their
bounds here but that kind of punch and
judy thing there is what they do all the
time and it's funny and it's
entertaining and if you're fans of
theirs and i am it's something that i've
heard him do hundreds of times right
it's not just at a certain race they do
it it's sort of across the
board that that was sort of my my
question to agree to that it's sort of
part of not justifying what they said
because we both agree it went too far
and I'm sure they would love to take it
back but the response i don't think by
fox was handled correctly here's the
funny thing if i made it to the NBA and
i was born in Ireland and I came into
the game they would say exactly the same
thing John Ireland is in the game he's
born in Ireland that Ireland thing he's
going to the pub after the game no it
would all play out exactly and because I
know those guys I know that they are
doing what they do and wouldn't think
twice about it now would there be some
Irish people that would be offended sure
and i would i would give Ralph and
Michael the chance call and say look
it's come to our attention that we may
have offended somebody our goal is to
never offend anybody uh you know we're
sorry and and we hope you'll accept our
apology and move on and because they're
good guys everybody would have accepted
right exactly and I think that's the
point that it goes back to you know
Trita just said well you can't legislate
intent well unfortunately fox kind of
did all right coming up your comments 8
7 7 710 ESPN 8777 10-3 776